.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2015 Johan Wermensjö <johanwermensjoe@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH MEDIA-CLEANER "1" "October 26, 2015" "media-cleaner 1\&.8" "media-cleaner Manual"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * set default formatting
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------

.SH NAME
media-cleaner \- cleans and sorts media files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B media-cleaner
.RI [ options ]
[\fB\-movie-dir\fR \fIMOVIE_DIR\fR]
[\fB\-\-tv-dir\fR \fITV_DIR\fR]
[\fB\-\-config\fR \fICONFIG\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBmedia-cleaner\fP is a program that cleans and sorts media files.
More specifically it formats names and sorts files into a predetermined
folder structure. The name format and file placement depends on the
type of file and what media library it belongs to. The two media libraries
that are supported are "tv-series" and "movies".
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
.br
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
.br
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-safemode
.br
Disables any file changes.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
.br
Enables verbose mode.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-color
.br
Enables colored log output.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-cron
.br
Enables cron mode with extra log output.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-force
.br
Force clean and ignore torrent activity.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-tv
.br
Clean tv-series directory.
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-movie
.br
Clean movie directory.
.TP
.B \-\-movie-dir \fIMOVIE_DIR\fR
.br
Path to movie directory.
.TP
.B \-\-tv-dir \fITV_DIR\fR
.br
Path to tv-series directory.
.TP
.B \-\-config \fICONFIG\fR
.br
Path to the yaml file containing media paths.
.PP

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Johan Wermensjoe <johanwermensjoe@gmail.com>
